Clarify where LC proofs are rooted (#3065)
ethereum/consensus-specs: specs/altair/light-client/sync-protocol.md

```python
class LightClientBootstrap(Container):
    # Header matching the requested beacon block root
    header: BeaconBlockHeader

>     # Current sync committee corresponding to `header.state_root`

Reviewer: Could be even more clear with something like
```suggestion
    # Current sync committee of state with hash `header.state_root`
```
